📖 Update documentation (#248)
hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator: charts/terraform-cloud-operator/README.md

In the above example, the Operator will watch 3 namespaces in the Kubernetes cluster: `white`, `blue`, and `red`.

### Install to work with Terraform Enterprise

If targeting a Terraform Enterprise instance rather than Terraform Cloud, set the API endpoint URL using the `operator.tfeAddress` value:

```console
$ helm install demo hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator \
  --version 2.0.0-beta7 \
  --set operator.tfeAddress="https://tfe-api.my-company.com"
```

> If you encounter a TLS-related issue using the Operator with Terraform Enterprise, it likely could be addressed by using one of the Helm values, `customCAcertificates` or `operator.skipTLSVerify`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a TLS-related issue using the Operator with Terraform Enterprise, you may need to configure your own CA certificates using the [`customCAcertificates`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator/blob/main/charts/terraform-cloud-operator/values.yaml#L46-L48) value, or by skipping TLS verification using the [`operator.skipTLSVerify`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator/blob/main/charts/terraform-cloud-operator/values.yaml#L31-L32) value..
```

Author: I really don't want to add a link to specific lines in the `value.yaml` file due to its mutable nature. What if we just point to the [Value](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator/tree/main/charts/terraform-cloud-operator#values) section in the Helm Chart README file?
